You may not recognize the color clearly.
Color, do you have to rely on you to hear it correctly?
You married me with a blind eye.
You are the young married woman.
It makes sense, don't make me happy anymore.
Even if I die, I will not marry you.
You married me with a blind eye.
I can help you with both companies myself.
You can help yourself with these two companies.
You don't have to worry
I don’t want to have so many appearances
Not a house
I like you, don't be polite, Dad
Have you fixed your service?
I'm not even worried
Oh my God, I don’t like you
You haven't wiped your mind yet
Are you afraid of anything?
There's really nothing you can do about it like this
There is really no way
I haven't wiped my mind yet
You haven't wiped your mind yet